Documented script to check for unused CSS custom properties (#816)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/03-extensions/theme-chocolatine/reference/css-variables.mdx

- `--boxSizeMargin`
- `--smallContainerWidth`
- `--containerWidth`

## Check for unused variables and custom properties

> Front-Commerce provides a script to check for unusued SCSS variables and custom

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be only about exported ones?
```suggestion
Front-Commerce provides a script to check for unusued exported CSS variables and custom
```

Author: It checks for SCSS _and_ CSS properties, both exported or not (as discussed on slack).

Reviewer: Ok, thanks.
